Setup of CI and Coverage (#31)
EOPF-Sample-Service/xarray-eopf: README.md

[![Build Status](https://github.com/EOPF-Sample-Service/xarray-eopf/actions/workflows/unit-tests.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/EOPF-Sample-Service/xarray-eopf/actions)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/EOPF-Sample-Service/xarray-eopf/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/EOPF-Sample-Service/xarray-eopf)
[![PyPI Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/xarray-eopf)](https://pypi.org/project/xarray-eopf/)
[![Anaconda-Server Badge](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/xarray-eopf/badges/version.svg)](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/xarray-eopf)
[![License](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/xarray-eopf/badges/license.svg)](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/xarray-eopf)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)

# xarray-eopf

> A backend implementation for [xarray](https://docs.xarray.dev/en/stable/user-guide/io.html) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An [xarray](https://docs.xarray.dev/en/stable/user-guide/io.html) backend implementation for ESA EOPF data products in Zarr format.
```
